Contributing docs refresh (#793)
zeldaret/mm: CONTRIBUTING.md

Most discussions happen on our [Discord Server](https://discord.zelda64.dev) where you are welcome to ask if you need help getting started, or if you have any questions regarding this project and other decompilation projects.

## Useful Links

> - [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X83YCPRa532v-Zo0WgUsJ2kB1X9RxBta5_p9aWA8uro) - We use this to track decompilation progress and file reservations, not GitHub Issues or Trello or similar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X83YCPRa532v-Zo0WgUsJ2kB1X9RxBta5_p9aWA8uro) - We use this to track decompilation progress and file reservations, instead of GitHub Issues or Trello or similar.
```
maybe?

> - [Code Files Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X83YCPRa532v-Zo0WgUsJ2kB1X9RxBta5_p9aWA8uro) - We use this to track decompilation progress and file reservations, instead of GitHub Issues or Trello or similar.

Reviewer 2: Maybe add the objects sheet too? Especially since there actually isn't a ton of unreserved stuff in the code spreadsheet.

Author: As discussed, I'm going to remove them instead to make them a bit less visible to the casual observer.

- [Installation guide](https://github.com/zeldaret/mm/blob/master/README.md#installation) - Instructions for getting this repository set up and built on your machine.

> - [Style Guide](docs/STYLE.md) - Description of our project style that we ask contributors to adhere to.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Style Guide](docs/STYLE.md) - Description of the project style that we ask contributors to adhere to.
```

> - [Code Review Guidelines](REVIEWING.md) - These are the guidelines that reviewers will be using when reviewing your code. Good to be familiar with these before submitting your code.

Reviewer 3: Since `STYLE.md` got put in `docs`, I feel like `REVIEWING.md` should also go there. Perhaps `CONTRIBUTING.md` as well, but that one I'm not as sure on.

Author: Good question, would welcome others' thoughts. I think CONTRIBUTING.md has to be in root for github to recommend it?

Reviewer 3: Seems like `CONTRIBUTING.md` can go in the root, `docs`, or `.github` folders. https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/setting-guidelines-for-repository-contributors.

Author: Ah, in that case I'm happy to put them all in the docs folder.

- [Zelda 64 Reverse Engineering Website](https://zelda64.dev/mm) - Our homepage, with FAQ and progress graph :chart_with_upwards_trend: .

> - [MM decomp tutorial] Detailed tutorial for learning in general how decomp works and how to decompile a small, simple file.

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be a link?

### First Contribution

Usually, the best place to get started is to decompile an actor overlay. 
An *actor* is any thing in the game that moves or performs actions or interactions. This includes things like Link, enemies, NPCs, doors, pots, etc. Actors are good for a first file because they are generally small, self-contained systems.

We recommend that you [join the Discord](https://discord.zelda64.dev/) to say hello and get suggestions on where to start on the `#mm-decomp` channel.

> We track who is working on what on this [Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X83YCPRa532v-Zo0WgUsJ2kB1X9RxBta5_p9aWA8uro) (also pinned in `#mm-decomp`). Once you've decided on or been recommended a good first file, mark it as Reserved.

Reviewer 2: Same thing here; do we want to mentions objects here too?

If the PR author agrees with a reviewer's suggestion, they make the change and resolve the conversation. If they disagree, have a better idea, or want to comment on something, they should at least leave a comment, and discuss it in Discord if it's not going to be resolved quickly, since long conversations on GitHub are hard to read.

Once all comments is addressed and all reviewers have approved, the PR will be merged.

Project leads are responsible for ensuring that these conventions are followed.

### Some git notes

- You should work on a branch on your fork separate from your copy of master: it is always useful to have a clean master branch around if you need to fix something.
- When a PR is merged into master, it may conflict with your work. While your branch is private (in particular, not used for a PR), you can rebase, but when your branch is public/used for a PR always merge master instead of rebasing: it makes it much easier for people to understand what you changed since the last review.
- We squash commits when merging, so your commit history does not have to be completely spotless.

> Throughout the PR process, you (the author) should update the row on [the Google Sheet](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1X83YCPRa532v-Zo0WgUsJ2kB1X9RxBta5_p9aWA8uro) with the appropriate information as the decompilation process progresses.

Reviewer 2: Again, same thing.
